The moment the sky crumbles and earth splits open
I open my eyes once everything has collapsed
With nowhere to rest my soul
I can only start falling
If only our souls could unite between heaven and earth
Watching that eternal vow of love, I suddenly realise
I don’t have the strength to endure a world without you
When I've finally cut my emotions and bid this love farewell
The warmth of our intertwined fingertips
Turned into a sharp sword, stabbing me
Parting with this love
Blurs distance and time
It could even suspend time
Everything is just for you
I'm certain
You're the only one in my heart
It's too late to say goodbye
The regrets I'm unable to voice
It's too late
If only our souls could unite between heaven and earth
Watching that eternal vow of love, I suddenly realise
I don’t have the strength to endure a world without you
When I've finally cut my emotions and bid this love farewell
The warmth of our intertwined fingertips
Turned into a sharp sword, stabbing me
Parting with this love
Blurs distance and time
It could even suspend time
Everything is just for you
I'm certain
You're the only one in my heart
It's too late to say goodbye
The regrets I'm unable to voice
It's too late
I’ve bid farewell to this love, forever